[Autogenerated] Hey, everybody, this is Ned Bellavance,
and welcome to my course, implementing Terra Form on A W s.
In this first module,
we're going to dive straight into things by talking about
using the AWS provider in this module.
Where first going to go over course prerequsites.
What should you know before you start this course?
Because there are a few things a few assumptions that I'm making here.
Then we're going to talk about the differences and
similarities between CloudFormation.
The infrastructure is code that you would use an AWS by default and terra
form the tool that you're going to be learning about.
We'll introduce a scenario using Globomantics that will serve as the underlay
for the rest of the course as we go through various demos.
And then finally, we'll get into meat of things the A.
W s provider, how to use it and how to authenticate against it.
All right, But first, let's get into those prerequsites.
Shall we?
I really only expect you to know two things going into this course.
The first one is knowing the terra form basics.
Either you've been working with terra form a little bit on your
own or you've gone through my other course,
terra form getting started.
Either of those gives you a good day.
Baseline on where you should be with your terra form skills.
So I'm not going to spend a bunch of time explaining the
syntax and the code in the examples,
except where it's applicable to how it works with a W s.
The other prerequsites is some understanding off AWS and its core constructs.
I'm not expecting you to be a wizard with Lambda or no,
the latest things about green grass or some other technology,
but you should know the fundamentals.
What's a VPC?
What is identity and access management and a little
bit about how those things work.
Otherwise, this is gonna be quite confusing with that. Out of the way, let's compare and contrast CloudFormation and terra form.